[#63810] 16.0 changes for Enterprise guide  https://community.openpro… (#18865)
opf/openproject: docs/enterprise-guide/README.md

| Community                                                    | Basic                                                        | Professional                                                 | Premium                                                      | Corporate                                                    |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | **All [Community features](https://www.openproject.org/pricing/#features)** | **All Community features +**<br />**Basic Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Baseline comparisons<br />- Status boards (Kanban)<br/>- Assignee boards<br/>- Version boards<br/>- Subproject boards<br/>- Parent-child boards (Work Breakdown Structure)<br/>- Attribute highlighting<br/>- Intelligent workflows with custom action buttons<br/>- Custom fields of type hierarchy<br/>- Date alerts<br/>- Custom theme and logo<br/>- Configure work package forms<br/>- Gantt charts PDF export<br/>- Graphs on project overview page<br/>- Placeholder users<br/>- Read-only mode for work packages<br/>- Team planner<br/>- Display relations in the work package table | **All from Basic +**<br />**Professional Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Single sign-on<br />-  OneDrive/SharePoint integration<br/>- Share work packages with external users<br/>- Automatic work package subject generation <br />- Internal work package comments | **All from Professional +**<br />**Premium Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Share project lists (project portfolio)<br />- LDAP users and group sync<br / \- Customize project life cycle (coming with 16.1.0) | **All from Premium +**<br />**Corporate Enterprise add-ons**:<br/>- OIDC & JWTs <br />- Nextcloud Hub integration<br/>- openDesk integration<br/>- Antivirus scanning |

Reviewer: When describing features and differences between plans, we should be very careful to not be ambiguous.

The newly added features for our Nextcloud integration **use** single sign-on through OIDC and they **use** JWTs to achieve the goal/feature of a better integration between Nextcloud and OpenProject. However, these feature **are not** OIDC & JWTs.

OIDC stands for OpenID Connect and is one way of Single Sign-on we support starting with the Professional plan.

JWT stands for JSON Web Tokens and those can be used for a variety of things. We actually did not implement any limits on when we would accept those. Effectively they require an SSO provider to be configured, so accepting JWTs effectively requires a professional plan as well.

Specific change proposals from my side:

* Column "professional", replace "Single sign-on" with "Single sign-on (OIDC & SAML)"
* Column "corporate", replace "OIDC & JWTs" with "Storage Single sign-on for Nextcloud"
    * once we have this for OneDrive as well, we could rename it to "Storage Single sign-on"

```suggestion
| **All [Community features](https://www.openproject.org/pricing/#features)** | **All Community features +**<br />**Basic Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Baseline comparisons<br />- Status boards (Kanban)<br/>- Assignee boards<br/>- Version boards<br/>- Subproject boards<br/>- Parent-child boards (Work Breakdown Structure)<br/>- Attribute highlighting<br/>- Intelligent workflows with custom action buttons<br/>- Custom fields of type hierarchy<br/>- Date alerts<br/>- Custom theme and logo<br/>- Configure work package forms<br/>- Gantt charts PDF export<br/>- Graphs on project overview page<br/>- Placeholder users<br/>- Read-only mode for work packages<br/>- Team planner<br/>- Display relations in the work package table | **All from Basic +**<br />**Professional Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Single sign-on (OIDC & SAML)<br />-  OneDrive/SharePoint integration<br/>- Share work packages with external users<br/>- Automatic work package subject generation <br />- Internal work package comments | **All from Professional +**<br />**Premium Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Share project lists (project portfolio)<br />- LDAP users and group sync<br / \- Customize project life cycle (coming with 16.1.0) | **All from Premium +**<br />**Corporate Enterprise add-ons**:<br/>- Storage Single sign-on for Nextcloud <br />- Nextcloud Hub integration<br/>- openDesk integration<br/>- Antivirus scanning |
```

> | **All [Community features](https://www.openproject.org/pricing/#features)** | **All Community features +**<br />**Basic Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Baseline comparisons<br />- Status boards (Kanban)<br/>- Assignee boards<br/>- Version boards<br/>- Subproject boards<br/>- Parent-child boards (Work Breakdown Structure)<br/>- Attribute highlighting<br/>- Intelligent workflows with custom action buttons<br/>- Custom fields of type hierarchy<br/>- Date alerts<br/>- Custom theme and logo<br/>- Configure work package forms<br/>- Gantt charts PDF export<br/>- Graphs on project overview page<br/>- Placeholder users<br/>- Read-only mode for work packages<br/>- Team planner<br/>- Display relations in the work package table | **All from Basic +**<br />**Professional Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Single sign-on (OIDC & SAML)<br />-  OneDrive/SharePoint integration<br/>- Share work packages with external users<br/>- Automatic work package subject generation <br />- Internal work package comments | **All from Professional +**<br />**Premium Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Share project lists (project portfolio)<br />- LDAP users and group sync<br / \- Customize project life cycle (coming with 16.1.0) | **All from Premium +**<br />**Corporate Enterprise add-ons**:<br/>- Storage Single sign-on for Nextcloud <br />- Nextcloud Hub integration<br/>- openDesk integration<br/>- Antivirus scanning |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **All [Community features](https://www.openproject.org/pricing/#features)** | **All Community features +**<br />**Basic Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Baseline comparisons<br />- Status boards (Kanban)<br/>- Assignee boards<br/>- Version boards<br/>- Subproject boards<br/>- Parent-child boards (Work Breakdown Structure)<br/>- Attribute highlighting<br/>- Intelligent workflows with custom action buttons<br/>- Custom fields of type hierarchy<br/>- Date alerts<br/>- Custom theme and logo<br/>- Configure work package forms<br/>- Gantt charts PDF export<br/>- Graphs on project overview page<br/>- Placeholder users<br/>- Read-only mode for work packages<br/>- Team planner<br/>- Display relations in the work package table | **All from Basic +**<br />**Professional Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Single sign-on (OIDC & SAML)<br />-  OneDrive/SharePoint integration<br/>- Share work packages with external users<br/>- Automatic work package subject generation <br />- Internal work package comments | **All from Professional +**<br />**Premium Enterprise add-ons**:<br />- Share project lists (project portfolio)<br />- LDAP users and group sync<br / \- Customize project life cycle (coming with 16.1.0) | **All from Premium +**<br />**Corporate Enterprise add-ons**:<br/>- Storage single sign-on for Nextcloud<br />- Nextcloud Hub integration<br/>- openDesk integration<br/>- Antivirus scanning |
```
